.TH mkbrewrel 1 "December 2024" "mkbrewrel"
.SH NAME
mkbrewrel \- Create release on GitHub and generate Homebrew formula output to stdout.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mkbrewrel
[\fI-hsv\fR] [\fI-t\fR \fITEMPLATE\fR] [\fITAG\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mkbrewrel
creates a release on GitHub and generates Homebrew formula then outputs it to stdout.
If no tag is specified, it uses the latest version tag (e.g. v1.2.3).
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-b
Only write a bare script with only the shebang line, without template.
.TP
.B \-h
Show help screen.
.TP
.B \-s
Use sample values for testing.
.TP
.B \-t \fITEMPLATE\fR
Specify a custom Mustache template to use. Typically has a \fI.mustache\fR extension.
.TP
.B \-v
Show the version number.
.SH TEMPLATES
mkbrewrel uses Mustache templates to generate Homebrew formulaes.
The templates typical have the optional extension of \fI.mustache\fR.
.TP
The following variables are available:
.TP
.B \fIclass_name\fR
The name of the formula class, typically the name of the software.
.TP
.B \fIdescription\fR
A short description of the software.
.TP
.B \fIhomepage\fR
The URL of the software's homepage.
.TP
.B \fIname\fR
The name of the software. Typically the name of the executable.
.TP
.B \fIsha256\fR
The SHA256 checksum of the software archive.
.TP
.B \fIversion\fR
The version number of the software.
.TP
.B \fIlicense\fR
The software's license. Defaults to \fIISC\fR.
.TP
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Rémino Rem: <https://remino.net/>
.SH "ISSUES"
GitHub: <https://github.com/remino/mkbrewrel>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright © 2024 Rémino Rem.
Licence ISC: <https://opensource.org/licenses/ISC>
